---
tags: 'nat, stream, travel'
category: prose
title: 'i go to pieces'
date: '2015-07-03 03:20:06 UTC'
---

the bottle of cheap vodka that we drank with cranberry juice. and vermont
and the sugar packets and rushing out for cigarettes and the cold-cut table
at the border (manned by that bald guy). and packed vermicelli and the
hotsauce (and vermints) and then no lockers in boston, anywhere. and the
sun and that city that's liberal i can't remember its name, and her head
resting on my chest, sleeping (that is rare). and talking and laughing all
the way, making songs about white water and stories and plays. then in
boston with sixty pounds of luggage, from cab to cab to metro station to
metro station. my badcrab suitcase getting lots of attention. and she was
telling that she would travel with me and that meant a lot on my side of
things. then walking around even more trying to find a place to leave our
stuff so we could run around freely and that phone number for the hostel
that didn't work but then did. more metro and a shuttle but we made it.
she's nineteen and can't get into bars so we smoked so many cigarettes. and
then we saw renoir and degas and rodin and van gogh and she tell me about
trying to reproduce that painting. and pissaro and monet. and such a nice
day and holding her so tight. and that guy we met at the hostel who was a
stuntman and how he looked like robert downey jr with blue eyes and so much
charisma. writing a children book. and that story we made up about being
filmakers in montreal, chatting to that cab driver who was so depressed and
made us listen to peter and gordon. he was an actor too so I asked him
questions about being directed by john cassavettes and he told me about
gena rowling and how they'd cut his scene in the bus with cassavettes. and
then making it to the airport and holding one another for five minutes in
silence in the cab and just my fingers over her face and over her lips,
trying to remember it so well, how soft it is. and then her card wasn't
working anymore so she had a return ticket but no money so I bought her a
banana and a biscotti because she said they were good. and I gave her some
cigarettes and kissed her slowly and many many many many time and she
followed me up to the gate, smiling. and she told me, before that, that the
only reason that made her not follow me is that she feel I need to do it by
myself and I agree but I still miss her very much and will continue missing
her for months. and she stood there while the airport guy at logan kept
screaming at me and she was laughing and never took her eyes off me until I
was out of sight, far on the other side, without shoes or belt. and she
looked at me and smiled and I was happy but sad. and I could marry that
girl and be happy and I just want her to take care of herself a little bit
more.